Updated 'Test of app locally' documentation to english (#1334)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/app/testing/local/_index.en.md

weight: 100
aliases:
- /app/testing/local/
---

> If you need to write a significant amount of code (e.g., [logic](/app/development/logic/)), or quickly check how a form looks, it can be useful to test changes without having to deploy the entire app to a test environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to write a significant amount of code (e.g., [logic](/app/development/logic/)), or quickly check how a form looks, it can be useful to test changes without having to deploy the app to a test environment.
```

When the app is created, it comes with all the necessary files and settings to run as a standalone application. By downloading all the files associated with the app from its repository, you can run the app locally on your own machine, thereby easily testing changes.

> In the test environment, the app uses a set of platform services to retrieve/store data, etc. A simplified version of these services has been created that can be set up and run locally, and this is necessary for the app to be tested locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the test environment, the app uses a set of platform services to retrieve/store data, etc. A simplified version of these services is available to set up and run locally. This is necessary for the app to be tested locally.
```

> ## Running the App Locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running the app locally
```
